The problems with polysaccharides, polyphenols and polyphenol oxidases are the big nightmare in trying to extract DNA and RNA from most plants. The other posters give a couple of references for protocols but in fact if you go through back issues of Plant Molecular Biology Reporter you will find dozens of different protocols, many of them variants of the hot CTAB method.
The most standard isolation buffer has 2% CTAB, 1.4 M NaCl, several percent beta-mercaptoethanol, something like PVP 40,000 as a general scavenger of things like polyphenols, and a very good, high buffering agent. This original recipe (the 2% CTAB and 1.4 M NaCl) was first used as a 2X until someone discovered it worked better as a 1X. The most effective protocol (if you can do it) is to preheat the CTAB solution at 65C, grind up the plant tissue in liquid nitrogen (in a LN2 precooled mortar) and dump the ground powder directly into the hot CTAB mix and vortex vigorously.
Unfortunately there is no universally wonderful, perfect protocol for DNA/RNA extraction from all plants, and in most cases you have to experiment with different recipes to see which is the best for your particular system.
Generally you have to try to eliminate the polysaccharides at the end of the protocol. I know of 2 methods that can be effective. One is to redissolve the DNA/polysaccharides in a buffer like TE, and add 95%/100% ethanol (first at RT) to 50% (final) and vortex . That will sometimes preferentially drive the polysaccharides out, and you can centrifuge the ppt out (but never throw any fraction away until you know where everything is). If no ppt forms at RT then place the tube on ice and wait a while. If that doesn't produce a ppt, add salt and increase the alcohol to ppt everything, wash, lightly dry and redissolve the pellet in TE. Take a stock of 5 or 6 M (or higher) ammonium acetate and bring your DNA/polysaccharide solution to about 2 or 2.5 M (final) in ammonium acetate and mix. You can leave things at RT to see if anything falls out, and if not place the tube on ice for a while and see if that causes something to precipitate. As always, save every fraction until you know what has ended up where.
CsCl density gradient (equilibrium) centrifugation may separate the DNA from polysaccharide (you would predict it should) but that isn't always effective. PEG precipitation in my experience tends not to be useful to solve this problem, and although spermine-HCl (or hexamine cobalt(III) ) precipitation of the DNA is remarkably effective it is very difficult (in my experience, nearly impossible) to completely then get all of the spermine (or hexamine cobalt) off of the DNA.
You could also take the final DNA/polysaccharide material and try a traditional (real) phenol extraction or a Marmur extraction on it, because one of those two may clean the DNA up.
But in the end, you may find that this is a nearly impossible task. This is a not uncommon reality of molecular biology research on plants